=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

A REPL to experiment with L<Term::ReadLine::Perl5>

=head1 Synopsis

    treps.pl # enter the shell

The program serves several purposes.

For the person who interacts with L<Term::ReadLine::Perl5> as a result
of using a program that makes use of this library
e.g. L<Devel::Trepan>, this program can be used to give you an
understanding of what the capabilities are and how you might bind keys
to make use of the libraries editing capabilites.

For the person who wants to use the L<Term::ReadLine::Perl5> API, this
is a pretty solid example of how to use this library. It contains a
multi-level dynamic completion and saves text in a command history.

It can also be used as an example for how to write a command shell
where:

=over

=item *

each command is its own module with OO properties like, help text, min
and max arguments

=item *

command help text is in pod format that appears nicely on terminals
while also appearing nicely in the POD that appears publically

=item *

the number of parameters passed are checked for validity

=item *
each command can control its command completion

=back

=head1 HELP!

There's much that can be done here. Please also feel free to modify
for other readlines like L<Term::ReadLine::Gnu> or L<Caroline>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2014 Rocky Bernstein.

This program is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, including but not
limited to the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose.

The program is free software. You may distribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation (either version 2 or any later version) and
the Perl Artistic License as published by O’Reilly Media, Inc. Please
open the files named gpl-2.0.txt and Artistic for a copy of these
licenses.

=cut
